= MakeFlaggable

MakeFlaggable is an extension for building a user-centric flagging system for Rails 3 applications.
It currently supports ActiveRecord models.

Special thanks to medihack[https://github.com/medihack/make_flaggable] for providing this awesome gem!

== Installation

add MakeFlaggable to your Gemfile

  gem 'make_flaggable', :git => 'git://github.com/cavneb/make_flaggable.git'

afterwards execute

  bundle install

generate the required migration file

  rails generate make_flaggable

migrate the database

  rake db:migrate

== Usage

  # Specify a model that can be flagged and provide the names of the flags
  class Article < ActiveRecord::Base
    make_flaggable :inappropriate, :favorite
  end

  # Specify a model that can flag another model.
  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    make_flagger
  end

  # The user can now flag the flaggable.
  # If the user already flagged the flaggable with the :flag_name then an AlreadyFlaggedError is raised.
  user.flag!(article, :flag_name)

  # The method without bang(!) does not raise the AlreadyFlaggedError when the user flags the flaggable more than once.
  # Instead it just returns false and ignores the flagging.
  user.flag(article, :flag_name)

  # The user may unflag an already done flagging.
  # If the user never flagged the flaggable then an NotFlaggedError is raised.
  user.unflag!(article, :flag_name)

  # The method without bang(!) does not raise the NotFlaggedError, but just returns false if the user never flagged
  # the flaggable.
  user.unflag(article, :flag_name)

  # Get all flaggings of a flaggable.
  article.flaggings

  # Get the flagging with a specified flag.
  article.flaggings(:flag_name)
  
  # Get the flagger of the flagging.
  flagging = article.flaggings(:flag_name).first
  user = flagging.flagger

  # Returns true if the flagger flagged the flaggable, false otherwise.
  user.flagged?(article, :flag_name)

  # Return true if the flaggable was flagged by the flagger, false otherwise.
  article.flagged_by?(user, :flag_name)

  # Returns true if the article was flagged by any flagger at all, false otherwise.
  article.flagged(:flag_name)?

  # Flaggings can also be accessed by its flagger.
  flagger.flaggings or flagger.flaggings(:flag_name)

== Testing

MakeFlaggable uses RSpec for testing and has a rake task for executing the provided specs

  rake spec

or simply

  rake

Copyright © 2010-2011 Kai Schlamp (http://www.medihack.org), released under the MIT license

Modified to use specified flags by Eric Berry